Using terminal lines as DECnet circuits using async DDCMP

Software DDCMP over RSTS terminal lines was written for V9.6 as part
of PRO support (an unreleased and unsanctioned effort).  In V10.0 it
was made part of the released product.  These notes apply to V10.1.
It is possible they will work on V10.0.  I don't have a system to test
that, feedback would be welcome.

These notes describe how NCP (the version in this repository) supports
the use of terminal lines with async DDCMP as DECnet circuits.

NCP knows terminal circuits as circuit (or line) names TT-n where n is
an integer between 1 and 15.  While RSTS supports higher unit numbers,
the DECnet/E database format does not have records allocated for
those.  It would be possible to change that, but I have not done the
extra work and conversion needed.

Before terminal circuits are available for DECnet, you need two
preliminary steps.

1. Enabling NODVR support in RSTS.

While the software is built into the OS during SYSGEN, it is not
loaded unless enabled by a flag in the system configuration file
[0,1]CONFIG.SYS.  To set this flag:

   $ set system/async

The change will take effect after a system reboot.  You can use "show
system" to confirm that the software DDCMP driver is loaded.  This
step is needed only once, it is persistent once set.

2. Setting DDCMP mode on a terminal line.

Before this is done, either the terminal line must be not owned, or it
must be owned (assigned) by the requesting job.

To enable DDCMP mode for a given terminal line, issue this DCL
command:
	$ set term kb<x>/proto=ddcmp

To return the terminal line that was used to normal operation rather
than being bound to the Async DDCMP driver, use the DCL command:

	$ set term kb<x>/proto=none

3. NCP support

Lines and circuits TT-1 through TT-15 can be defined in the permanent
database with the DEFINE command, and displayed with the LIST
command.  These commands are always available.

The corresponding operations on the active system, SET and SHOW, are
only valid on KB units that have been set into DDCMP mode as shown
above.   The parameters that can be set, the status that is displayed,
and the counters you can see, are roughly those of the familiar DMC-11
devices (circuit name DMC-n or DMR-n).  The counters are slightly
different, they were designed to match more closely what the DECnet
architecture spec calls for.
